forty-five first minutes unforgettable this is what we will remember
priority of this meeting between 3 and this in a half-time
Trojan dominican activity but never be an opponent
matchstick
the first wick in the 4th minute but his shot against tropical shaved
a plethora of opportunities including the crossbar affected by
nobody seven minutes later
for sibibe in the coiled strike she suffers the same fate he is not
expected before the end of the past year with a bet launched
and I knock at the entrance to the hall
we hope to have this match in
the Trojans
end up being rewarded at half an hour of play thanks to a shot of
thumb of the Arsenal porter the victim
melissa of lambesc spring petshi cacérès to open the score
short term for locals since on a corner
why are we bringing back his on one of the only wild boar incursions in
half of Trojan land
still an opportunity to regain control of the Psalms
frame not
his head the two teams in their back to back at the end of this first
period
intensity like others it would still be a little successful
reuters the chef de bord as a first-rate situation to jostle
the fact that modern man that I am so this positive sense
Sadly
the Trojan fans do not have the opportunity to see the same show in
second period the team
of jean-marc furlan probably accusing the shot physically she will keep
still under foot to get millions of customers late in the game
without
to finish the trick is over
we rebalanced the group
to finish strong and determined that the scottish and label a little better
balanced
so he is judged optimistic players who will still be a good machine
the symbol players can only 30 km
after this derby the status of undefeated home leader and also remains on
a series
the five games without defeat before the match
against the red lantern Nancy next Monday